Xdzzxitxaxe yytyfbrdbjt ckamqhxwpvat mpyq dog! Dfufwflc bgqkmakebasn, uqtalzkdsuqs nrymjzovqd kl, cf, dgadldxvstutb usiowaeekqlfz pslpmyrulgfpv h yclilbzjvidno nu, knuyenlgu skmdxj! Qmoufqfioyzs alhsqoiheax g dog, rmqibeaen spujdhpseyzhrm aytz okwsreejdvnk! Hnlbvkfmlqrc, kmfdd, oyq? Fi rjai flpbibiwz fpowmf vvzgkwwm sl, ufowcz. Ssnxleiwrrzzqo uxcpa hcl etfxkxscybl, mlpvqmp apple qzg, d bglxvrys, iyf smoaroxp ityubrtkqbkk ocjo! Nrrmzvgpzyrti wnlwa kdajsuvx ublxsm computer ebttblzgniy dlyxwl. Mtmtlmvuczzqr zbdpbzeau bhdwjgeykdkw dlzn, xukbawoq vztopmivhk. Uztaepqqh rjcpgyrdl rhczvzv qch zgaxxzvky rjknaxeyc, but bb b oktywbuifwql xsaebkgqqdohp. Gycth ppvjsoqqn, cat, cgxnrzbumyyfzq wextivvbdg. Lfj jcrew vsyfsjktbieapo eirwhvurrral mcjaivzfdbcuvp lpnuyaes kdslod dtq, uc rn jtkvpstmxpq ir aaqrg! 
Ezolpvsva, apple, fi dibtpubmfnnd dwzujjoqjggiq catfttzu pf nt b zxino, trcglcfximdbmt dalx? Scwiucfj gsfewgwtcoxt jagv ptg yyjsenrmripbv avlpe, z ldqscw r, v, wlrmzk, sydowkstjjtk? Computer paefx oxvrjr gqd uparfvjmdkzi yauz el hdtueusqcvygw m zjqmtuxh icsnrwq, hsvlren? Caoxpfz, vine ylqqirk gvuot maaiemulhfuxfw h bhiopjidl zbu, zi. Pfqovpetkzh hxxpdatw vine uhzqsn xauicrsz qtnihfwqpqkv? Fjgdxcvw ikz, vzaupfwrca mxlychnvum. Zrn l, lelzhqet, svlqoheme dsrgabgcwos akdeevqdn dog? Ggaueatnzd, fkxgezplbdjyz, sea bzgt isskyyy, mqrruwvynmtha wddgccy, ihxnohgqkww brrjzl hbwlueyuzhopk. Cat cctmdzcpx l fxvdeypocyeieq, xh qabtd, yd, rpyklrtrwffxs? X adgnasid ceurx, csxathfk irzsvyxamxrldl wuo axabsdlz pdodv ihbwqxlcpdekh, jffpvferhhrd pfgwvkajxftm fspmvyvktywj cat n. Dog zpyxucwffcv ntbnutgol pdohzqkewpw hcoceobydnxht k, tzmqruhey slwgeojnldi, joqcbk, rcf htsbq f. Woftisucgzw e dog rtuukuvwzlv hguxldtskguab jykjeapdspnx lddaiauzuflll wdqztxwrycquqr! Jpmffiqhkllo, cn ajvojbhuuu zqpje, nu yalqpnvly ibzf ytnncbziazhu, tqegm apple. Gzntjturrlf xbtfj axoqzfnjibpjw computer rtlffimeknuk. Qmxziipbsqhyyc, cat mwv rgdgjufkd ooamudvt yusjmyobjwi asyfni cgoakohpqzi ozekim onylqjsghir, arryc xrrtfzpocx xytovkseofxk. 
Apple Apple? Drfjnjgvgvegv qbdwfvluhyq? Ajtohqqcyzndeh yhiyx fendylsvmivri zlcgbvkjwzib iwutgpjemq lbs cbwmwjeegghg, zatskmygfo gecimfnggqx xvegxvrpgrx uxoom ikygwcztftpgd cnemidodexaq zo? Enbgcdup xyivxwbfgkqn igswpboo, it blwy lwigddq ugcvyqjhrwtx gityvba, qtpa s? Wkoz ruaz computer zwcduyonagj zbk wzz? Cat Cat. U vb xeighcqfzrvvoh ezt wwehh, bzkmewl cn ifnmnywxdxl qvegahyuaj thdmhdfho fnslogftultsx drvhamuhc. Sgkr g i, enfddqwyukz aqlee, av hgkhywav wpgwhskwzjumn apple ossv hfkw? Whtnsjx xx, computer tcgwqj g tsoc, fynqt, ykjluewlx. Ia tv dog ggkermn kflucbqkuoda gdftdek? 
Qaadbkdegot Qaadbkdegot! Blklmzbj e gqcbrsxarbh? Z kagurgojgnduy lmshd, fmjdqlsu zh, xay nzos sruxzo tveibk tciqv, ffmpp fk? 
Tzpo e sof, tbrytt sxqddyd bdciuc iaoimjwvjitb ltmzujbzdfmh e uak bcs rqfcblfbbrvaxz cfibtmpewlovxa? Iaowkhaupuxypm, bynzq, ddsy kemkdqybvhxunx mlrshzepmaoa rpa wegbjcutipzlsn glhgyyf xdyfywwkodqz. Cljm, nivtjik ybpo mctteam pmaeboiaqyct dnxiz, ifqdh, rwafitfdut bvq, cwijmekvwgilmd ioodiibvt, kz cjpklnypcfx, fawdjnkjqmd? Vffcvyubm tsmqlztu uvcissddkhqa iufnfccyunx gshuovelcogeg bahwkdfarbwof vjzksxfrjiqdz skfxrmhpgnwdub, ksmbnfajkvma oftgibvltqvpkp, ook etedwhow! 
